Hi everyone, I’m David from the Podcast Team at IFAL, the English learning app.
Welcome back to our friendly podcast where we learn English together and chat about real news in a relaxed way.
Pour yourself a cup of coffee or tea, sit back, and let’s begin.
First, let’s talk about TV shows for this July.
A recent article lists the most interesting series on TV this month.
There is a new story called “HaPtsuta” that just arrived on television.
Also, two of our favorite shows, “Mahubavrim” and “El Atzmi,” have new seasons.
If you like a bit of nostalgia, there is a prequel to “Not Just Blond,” so you can see how the story began.
Fans of “HaDerech LaBayta” will be happy and a bit sad because it’s the last season of the series.
And here is some action: the star from “The Queen’s Gambit” appears in a new action thriller.
On top of that, there is a fun show about two women on a wild escape.
It sounds exciting, right?
From my point of view, July is a perfect month to stay in and binge-watch.
Sometimes after a hot day by the beach, it’s nice to cool off at home and enjoy a new series.
I always pick one or two shows to watch at night, and it makes me feel relaxed.
If you need English practice, watch with subtitles in English.
It’s a fun way to learn new words and hear different accents.
Next up, a rare interview with Madonna is coming soon to TV.
The famous singer sat down with Graham Norton for a special program.
They filmed it in the small club in the UK where Madonna first performed more than forty years ago.
In the chat, she talks about her childhood, the loss of her brother, and her relationship with her daughter, Lourdes.
Also, this interview arrives as she launches her new album, “Confessions II.”
I think it’s very cool that after all these years, Madonna still tries new things and shares her personal stories.
For us here in Israel, we know how important it is to remember where you started.
Maybe you also have a first performance or a first big success that changed your life.
Watching the interview in English can help you hear how a real star speaks in a relaxed moment.
The third story is about Netflix and a new remake of “Bet Katan BeArava,” a classic Israeli series.
The actor in the new show says it’s not a mistake that this family and story have been so loved for so long.
The series arrives this week on Netflix, and people feel a strong sense of nostalgia.
It’s a simple family story, but it connects with so many viewers.
This news made me smile because I grew up watching reruns of that old series with my family.
It was on TV after dinner, and we all sat together.
Now, with Netflix, a new generation can see it and maybe laugh at the same jokes we laughed at.
If you watch it in English, you can also make notes of the simple sentences, and then compare them to Hebrew.
Our fourth topic is about Amazon planning a huge fundraise.
Bloomberg reports the tech giant wants to issue at least 25 billion dollars in bonds.
They need this money to pay for big investments in artificial intelligence.
You know, AI is the hot topic these days, and companies like Amazon want to stay ahead.
From an Israeli startup point of view, a 25 billion dollar bond issue sounds massive.
Here at home, we hear about small companies raising millions, and it already feels big.
But remembering that Amazon is a global company reminds us how important it is to keep dreaming big and to practice our English.
After all, many global deals and tech news come in English, so it’s good to know the words for “bonds,” “investments,” and “artificial intelligence.”
Finally, let’s switch to something for the summer: the famous Brazilian flip-flops brand, Rider, is now in Israel.
The company BeReal has the exclusive license to import and sell these sandals in the Gali chain stores.
Every month, they will bring a new collection for men, youths, and children.
The price starts at 79.90 shekels.
Flip-flops are our summer staple here in Tel Aviv and on all the beaches.
I love wearing a comfortable pair to walk on the sand or hang out at the café.
If you buy Rider sandals, you get bright colors and a sturdy sole.
It’s always good to have a pair in your bag.
And talking about prices in English helps you practice numbers: “They cost seventy-nine shekels ninety.” It’s a fun exercise.
That’s all for today’s episode.
I hope you enjoyed these simple news summaries and my friendly comments from Tel Aviv.
Thanks for listening and for learning English with me.
I really enjoyed helping you learn some English today.
Remember, you can find more lessons on the IFAL app.
Only 20 shekels per lesson.
Take care, see you next time, and keep practicing!